docs(examples): add deployment documentation to function examples (#9759)
sanity-io/sanity: examples/functions/auto-tag/README.md

   import {defineBlueprint, defineDocumentFunction} from '@sanity/blueprints'

   export default defineBlueprint({
     resources: [
       defineDocumentFunction({
         type: 'sanity.function.document',
         name: 'auto-tag',
         src: './functions/auto-tag',
         memory: 2,
         timeout: 30,
         event: {
           on: ['publish'],
           filter: "_type == 'post' && !defined(tags)",
           projection: '_id',
         },
       }),
     ],
   })
   ```

2. **Deploy your blueprint**

   From your project root, run:

   ```bash
   npx sanity blueprints deploy
   ```

   This command will:

   - Package your function code
   - Upload it to Sanity's infrastructure
   - Configure the event triggers for post publications
   - Make your auto-tagging function live in production

3. **Verify deployment**

   After deployment, you can verify your function is active by:

   - Checking the Sanity Studio under "Compute"
   - Publishing a new post without tags and confirming tags are generated
   - Monitoring function logs in the CLI

### Deployment best practices

- **Test thoroughly first** - Always test your function locally before deploying

> - **Monitor AI usage** - AI-powered functions may have usage limits or costs

Reviewer: Thoughts?
```suggestion
- **Monitor AI usage** - Agent Actions have usage limits and costs.  Visit Settings in your Manage console to learn more
```

- **Avoid recursion** - The filter `!defined(tags)` prevents the function from re-triggering
- **Check permissions** - Ensure your function has access to Sanity's AI capabilities
- **Use specific filters** - The current filter only targets posts without tags to avoid unnecessary executions

### Troubleshooting deployment

**Error: "Deploy Studio permission required"**

- Cause: Your account doesn't have deployment permissions for this project
- Solution: Ask a project admin to grant you Deploy Studio permissions

> **Error: "AI capabilities not available"**
> 
> - Cause: Your project may not have access to Sanity's AI features
> - Solution: Check your project's feature access or contact Sanity support
> 

Reviewer: I'm not under the impression Agent Actions can be turned on/off.  The AI Assist plugin can be installed/uninstalled, but agent actions still run, just without visual input
```suggestion
```
